Breaking the law is how you get ahead in life.
Nobody will tell me what the fox says?!
If I wanted a unicorn I'd have to make a uniVerse.
Here a neigh, there a neigh, everywhere a neigh neigh… stop thinking that! I'm not doing it.
Alright let's talk about pancakes.
*falsetto* Breakfast… lunch… brunch!
That is just the scourge of my computer
*wiggling his ears with his hands*
I am not going to go over these. Instead, I choose to say… PANCAKES!
SHOW me the pancakes
I got three out of seventeen, that is NOT dance-worthy
We use F words to describe things that are going on in computer science.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhinoceros? Elefino!
1962 was a big year for drums and xylophones.
You have the right to vote, you have to exercise it!
I am a big fan of burying my head in the sand so I don't have to understand everything. I just want to write code.
The only way you'd know this is if you're thinking in some deep and powerful way.
One more confusing example and then I'll try and unconfuse.
This is fun because the turtle is running really fast.
You should not be happy or sad based on your score on the midterm, because happiness is not predicated on your score on the midterm.
Just because we don't give you forward, backward, rgb, color, wing wang, turn right, does it mean you don't need to know turtle??
Count to five and hit submit. Also snap it to the Duke story.
I'm watching. I see everything.
I just checked to see if it's in valids. [giggles] Get it? Invalids.
Turn it in or DIE.
There are only 5 things more fun than printing all 237 steps and we're gonna do them all in this course.
Pie - ka - chu. Or if you say pee - ka - chu, that's your choice.
*falsetto* PIPIPIPIPIPIPIPIPI.
Can you make kaka, Julien? Think carefully when you answer this question.
Look at that crowd of people who agree with you. Doesn't that feel good?
*screaming* NINETY TWO!
*pointing at somebody random* Africa??
I don't like typing everything
It's very clear what algorithm the people in the back use: whatever he says, no. Been to Africa? No. Not been to Africa? No. Willing to answer a question? Not why I sat in the back.
I am going to ask you a question, Last Person in the World.
No matter what kind of ant you have! The six legged kind or the two legged kind!
Now you can just coast on the skateboard of Python.
Instead of saying 'Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo,' it will say 'RM. RM. WHFR. RT. TH. RM.'
It's hidden down here in the nether regions of Eclipse
Making user interfaces is not one of the fun parts of computer science. For some of you there may be no fun parts of computer science.
This is what we learned in compsci 101: how to take a sentence you COULD read and turn it into something you CAN'T.
Are any of you wearing socks?
Do I really understand that? No. I just understand that it costs money.
We're gonna convert this to grayscale, which is almost as much fun as taking vowels out of a word.
My favorite thing to do is listen to HQ.
You can do anything you want…. the world is before you…. unless you're a senior.
Me, personally, I just want to go fast.
Words are more peaceful than thermonuclear war.
If you're gonna gamble, it should be a serious wager.
But this is why we live! To study computer science on the edge of wonder!
Anyone in the back actually know what we're doing?
*dancing* *falsetto* Skate! Skateskateskateskate!
I got a snake.
From now on, your name will be Professor Snake. Your first name is Severus.
I go against the grain. You don't want me to do it? I'm doing it anyway.
I don't know what to do! Actually I do know what to do but I'm pretending I don't.
I have a great idea… I'll give you a hint: it rhymes with welper wunction.
Is anyone going to have an idea or do you not want to answer my ridiculously stupid question?
All in favor say 'aye.' All who don't really care and just want this class to be over say 'nay.'
This could be embarrassing for Becca, but she's not here.
*falsetto* My mouse is gone!
I don't understand my computer today.
We're on the cusp of 'somebody's not right.'
Boop! Gone.
This is a nightmare, I hate life.
I just love counting words.
I take Bitcoin.
Not that you care, but [explains code].
It seems like cheating death should be allowed so that you can continue to live.
Now, I did not even know that 'bowwowing' was a word.
Oh, Danny boy.
Ah, Jerrrrsey.
All the marbles are on this.
*yelling* IT'S PYTHON!
The beauty of war is- and it's hard to say the beauty of war in one sentence, but here we go- 
You should be very wary of Bogo sort.
If no one solves it, this will be a boring class. If someone solves it, it will be so exciting you won't know what to do.
Hello, COMMA, I love you. What a beautiful sentiment. It sure beats playing war.
For those of you that are Marmite and Vegemite fans… why
They had the temerity, the gall, the courage to invite me to their wedding. They are still the first students to do that. I encourage you to consider doing that.
They invited me to their wedding, knowing that I hate Bubblesort.
I just went apoplectic.
I'm just a silly little person.
I still can't do anything right.
Dirty little freaks! Dirty little SortByFreqs!
This is what Professor Stephens-Martinez tells me I often get stuck in… what is it? A rabbit hole.
*plays a Hamilton song in class*
I'm not smart enough to do that, but my program is!
I will now go to the place that I belong. West Virginia.
[JSON] is totally used everywhere in the universe.
Spotipy. Now that is unbelievably clever.
Gold WHAT? GoldLink?
Please don't ask me to do decimal arithmetic
I must hear from someone in the back or I will languish here for hours.
*Argues about whether something is purple or blue
*names a variable newd*
It used to be that viruses were bad, but now a viral video is a good thing.
Il Fornio.
*names an example person Sly one*
Perhaps all future 101 students will experience those pleasures.
It turns out Hercules was just a cheater.
*talks about the Greek deities who deal with food/drink and then moves on with no explanation*
You say ‘lambda, BLURBLUBUBUH, colon, BLUFHUBHUBH
Here, I used XYZ. I could have used 'bangalicious'.
I can think of nothing more exciting than looking at a spreadsheet. Just kidding, I can think of a million things more exciting than looking at a spreadsheet.
Eclipse is saying, *weird voicemail-style voice* ‘hello. Why did you do this?
What we saw was BAD CODE. Not just two lines of bad code!
We intended this problem to be approachable, but we were wrong!
If we just wanted to keep you busy, wed give you… *starts listing actual assignments*
*in an increasingly high pitched voice* We gave this to you because we knew it was going to be on the test!!
*falsetto* Who cares??? Invent a function and call it!!
*discussing multiple choice tests* THE ANSWER IS ONE OF THE CHOICES :O
If you solve this problem, youll have friends!
*makes a joke about binary* *completely monotone* Thaaats… very funny.
*makes a snapchat filter for 101*
What should you do? a) Struggle for 30 minutes to understand it, or b) Ask a question?
MC Hammer. Whats his first name? Multiple Choice Hammer.
In the olden days, we had history, biology, the French I took… WHERES COMPUTER SCIENCE?
I couldnt do it, and I didnt know any better, so I just said ‘Im working on it.
Im good at the things Im good at, so shut up.
Long ago, in a distant universe, thousands of years ago, I graduated.
I walked out the door, and a) There was a huge band saying *falsetto* ‘yeaaahhh ola you did it!!, or b) Nothing. Its b.
A compsci 101 tshirt, which is a momento that will be worth BILLIONS of dollars.
*Points directly at me, calls me out by name* So I guess this is what you do if you have no friends.
